Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Comedy, Romance film
from 2008, titled Yes man.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Carl gets barraged with calls from Peter,
but he has no intention of answering them.
After all the calls he ignores, he accidentally
picks up the phone and pretends to be in his
apartment despite the fact that he’s in
a video rental store.
After an invitation to go out Carl says he
can’t because he’s too busy.
But Peter knows Carl is simply making excuses
since he is spotting him standing in line
at the video store.
Carl continues to insist that the man at the
shop is not him, despite the fact that he
caught him.
Peter manages to pull him to a bar.
The reason Peter invites Carl and his friend
is to announce Peter's engagement to Lucy,
his now-fiancee.
They will have an engagement party in a few
days.
At the same bar, Carl's expression changes
when he sees his ex-wife Stephanie with her
new boyfriend.
He feels agitated and decides to leave, just
as she approaches him and makes for an uncomfortable
encounter and an oopsie moment.
Carl's neighbor Tillie offers him breakfast,
which he refuses with all sorts of excuses.
Outside, he rejects a concert flyer handed
to him.
Even at work, Carl's buddy and supervisor
Norman invites him to his costume party at
his house, but again Carl says he is going
to be out of town, before Norman tells him
the date.
Norman then mentions it will be on Friday,
but that's obviously the date Carl will be
out of town.
He also turns down numerous loan applications
from his clients.
Carl is a stubborn, mild-mannered individual.
During an outdoor lunch break, Carl suddenly
runs into an old friend, Nick.
They tell each other about their lives.
Nick tells him about a seminar that changed
his life, like climbing a mountain or shooting
a cow with a bazooka, not proud of it, but
he did it.
He advises Carl to try it, since he looks
miserable.
Carl declines, Nick tells him he needs to
loosen up and tells him to ask him to throw
a rock at the bank window, and he does.
As he is running away, he tells him to visit
the seminar and he will not regret it.
After turning down an unknown caller, an orange
vendor, some flyers, and more loan applications,
he spends his after-work time watching TV
as he usually does.
Carl notices Peter's call but does not take
it.
Peter arrives at Carl's place, frustrated
that his friend did not show up for his engagement
party.
After all the arguing, he leaves Carl, who
has always been looking for an excuse for
his faults, and tells him that he will end
up a lonely guy if he does not change his
life.
Peter and Rooney go to Carl's shortly after
and find his friend dead on the couch in his
apartment.
However, it turns out to be a dream.
Carl gets anxious about the dream, so he looks
at the brochure Nick gave him and decides
to attend the seminar.
He clearly feels like a fish out of water.
Nick notices Carl before the seminar begins
and decides to sit next to him.
Nick convinces Carl that his life will change
after hearing from a motivational speaker.
Terrence starts the seminar and says, "Yes
is a really powerful word.
The word has the ability to absorb the good
energy of life and those who speak it can
get anything they want".
Terrence invites a newcomer to the podium
and Nick immediately points to Carl.
He becomes agitated because every time he
says no, the crowd yells no man, No man at
him.
Carl continues to refuse to climb to the top
of the podium, but then Terrence sprints up
to him.
He tells Carl that he knows he has no friends
or a relationship because he leads a repetitive
and boring life.
Terrence gets uncomfortably close and asks
him to make a promise that he will say yes
to any opportunity that comes his way, and
if Carl breaks the promise, everything in
his life will fall apart.
Carl eventually goes along with the deal.
That is some cultish persuasion going on.
As Carl is about to get into his car, a homeless
man approaches him and asks for a ride.
Nick notices this and rushes over to Carl
to remind him of his promise to say yes.
Carl tells him to get in and the homeless
man asks Carl to borrow his phone.
Since Nick is still in the picture, he can
not say no.
When they arrive at their location, the man
tells him that he had good luck lately outside
of the Yes Hotel and asks for all of Carl's
money.
Carl reluctantly says yes and the man eventually
leaves.
Just as he is about to drive off, his car
comes to a halt in the middle of nowhere on
an empty road.
His phone's battery is dead.
Carl gets angry and curses at the seminar
he attended.
Carl heads to the gas station irritated.
At the gas station, he notices a beautiful
woman named Allison.
She takes a pity picture of him talking to
himself.
They chat a bit and Carl tells her about the
tragedy he suffered.
Allison then offers to drive him to his car.
On the scooter, in the middle of the road,
Allison takes a picture of them and performs
a maneuver that should not be done on a road.
Carl looks amused as he fills up his car.
Then he jokes about making out and she kisses
him, and gives him the photo she took earlier.
He realizes that saying yes has got him into
a better situation.
Later he receives a call from Norman asking
if he can come to work today (it's Saturday).
He says yes to every opportunity he gets at
work, including an ad from a company you would
normally ignore.
He also approves of a loan application for
someone who wanted to start a portrait cake
business, something I would have definitely
turned down.
He tells Norman about this loan, and he thinks
it's good that Carl is showing some initiative
and tells him about the promotion talks.
Two of them bond.
That night, Carl meets his friends Peter and
Rooney and tells them about the seminar and
how things have changed after he started saying
yes to everything.
They take advantage of it and open a tab in
his name, getting him drunk and staging bizarre
acts.
At the bar, he kisses a random stranger and
her boyfriend intervenes and tells him they
need to take it outside.
Once outside, Carl is barely on his feet.
He gets punched in the liver and his friends
break up the fight, but Carl still taunts
him by telling his GF to call him.
The next sunny morning, Tillie asks Carl to
put up a shelf in her house.
She appreciates Carl's help and offers to
pay him for his work, but she is out of money
and approaches him telling how handsome he
is.
Instead of cash, she offers him a release.
Carl is uncomfortable and refuses.
Then bad things start happening to Carl as
he leaves Tillie's house.
Carl thinks it's because he turned down Tillie's
offer.
He returns and I'll leave the rest to your
imagination.
His belief in saying yes grows stronger.
He says yes to everything, Norms Harry Potter
costume party invitation.
Girl Scouts.
Guitar lessons.
Flying lessons.
Korean language lessons.
Helping the homeless.
And concert flyers he kept turning down.
In the evening, Carl goes to the bar for a
concert from the flyer.
It turns out that Allison is there.
Carl's expression brightens.
She performs for 5 people; some songs were
actually good.
He is waiting at the bar counter after Allison
finishes her performance, he pretends not
to notice her.
Allison notices him and says hi.
She tells him that she has to work early in
the morning as a running photography trainer.
She asks Carl if he wants to come along, and
he says yes.
They share a very lovely moment together.
When Carl is about to sleep, Rooney suddenly
calls him to go for an all-nighter party.
And of course, Carl says yes.
The next day he comes to Allison's class from
a rave with loud music and tons of red bull
cans.
He says he's very excited to attend her class.
Carl runs fast while taking pictures with
his phone.
Midway through the run, the energy of the
Red Bulls has left him and he passes out and
becomes the object of a photoshoot for the
other participants.
When Carl comes to his senses, Allison seems
to be attracted to him because of his seemingly
erratic lifestyle.
Carl has lunch with Faranoush and Peter.
He met Faranoush on a Persian website for
finding a wife (one of the ads where he clicked
"yes" to meet her).
Carl tells Peter that the magic word 'yes'
is the reason he met Allison.
Lucy shows up and tells them that she does
not have anyone to help her with her bridal
shower.
Finally, Peter asks Carl to go with her since
he always says yes.
Lucy is shocked because she genuinely disliked
Carl because of his negative attitude.
Later, Carl and Allison attend Norman's Harry
Potter costume party.
Is his suit toddler size?
The party was nerdy and everyone watched one
of the Harry Potter movies.
I mean... a couple of movies.
Somehow they manage to slip out of there.
They decide to do some breaking and entering
in a concert hall and have a special moment
on the stage.
A bit later, they are discussing things like
the world being a playground that everyone
forgets about it when they grow up, responsibilities
and so on, when suddenly a security guard
arrives and they scatter.
Carl greets the lined debtors in the morning
and hands them oranges (presumably from the
vendor).
His friend Lee is already waiting in his office.
Suddenly Norman calls Carl out and tells him
that someone from headquarters wants to talk
to him about all the loans he has approved.
Carl asks for a minute before meeting with
the HQ person.
He returns to Lee to approve his presumably
last loan application.
Finally, Carl meets with Wesley, the vice
president of the company he works for.
Wesley says that a loan officer usually makes
35-40 loans each month, but Carl has already
made 561 loans, slightly more than the average.
In the midst of the tension, Wesley suddenly
laughs, Carl and Norman follow his laugh.
It turns out that 98% of the debtors have
paid off their debts, giving the company big
profits.
Carl is offered to work at the HQ.
Don’t have to tell you what his answer is.
As promised, Carl shows up to help Lucy prepare
for her wedding.
The clerk at the store seems irritated to
help them.
When a clerk expresses her dissatisfaction
in Korean, Carl's Korean skills come in handy.
He asks her in Korean what's wrong, and the
clerk explains that she's jealous of a married
couple and wonders when she'll be the bride.
After Carl cheers her up, she helps them with
their matters.
A man bursts through the store entrance shouting
that someone is ready to jump off a ledge.
Carl goes over immediately.
At the scene, someone shouts to help the man,
which is Carl's queue.
He runs up the stairs and tries to talk him
out of it when the man tells him not to try
and stop him.
Carl becomes confused about what to do, as
he can't say no.
In the apartment, he finds a guitar.
Carl starts singing and playing the guitar
to calm the man down.
The man and the bystanders sing along with
Carl.
Finally, he drags the man into the apartment.
When Carl is at the airport, he runs into
his ex-wife Stephanie, who says she saw Carl
save a man's life on TV.
After they say goodbye, she looks back as
if she misses him.
Carl and Allison arrive at the ticket counter
and ask for the fastest departure scheduled.
The ticket clerk tells them that the fastest
scheduled flight is to Nebraska.
So they fly to Nebraska.
They visit a telephone museum, a shooting
field, and a football game that Carl's friends
are watching.
Their next stop is the chicken slaughterhouse.
As the instructor describes how to cut off
the chicken's head, Carl faints.
Later, Allison and Carl are walking together
when it suddenly starts to rain.
He wraps Allison in his jacket and runs to
a barn.
When they arrive, Allison looks at Carl warmly
and confesses that she loves him, and tells
him that she wants to live together.
Carl thinks it’s a big move for both of
them.
Allison starts to regret what she said.
He doesn’t want to make her sad, so he convinces
her that he also wants to live with her.
At the airport Two FBI agents approach them.
They are suspicious about Carl's activities,
like purchasing random tickets, visiting dating
websites, learning to fly an aircraft, and
taking Korean courses.
Carl is puzzled and seeks Peter's assistance
as his lawyer.
Peter tells the FBI that his friend once attended
a seminar that required him to say yes to
everything.
Allison, who heard Peter's explanation, becomes
disappointed and annoyed.
She thinks Carl has been with her all this
time because he always has to say yes to all
her requests.
He tries to explain to Allison that he is
completely sincere to her.
She ignores him and leaves.
Back at the airport in LA, Carl tries to talk
to her, but she just tells him to stay away,
which he does.
He's back to his old self, watching movies
at home.
Allison will not take his calls.
Carl tries to distract himself with a bungee
jump, when Wesley calls, which he answers
while still hanging.
He tells him that HQ has decided to close
the branch where Carl used to work.
Carl visits Norman to tell him the sad news.
As he listens to his voicemails, he looks
around his cluttered apartment, dissatisfied.
One of the messages is from Peter, reminding
him of the bridal shower tomorrow night.
Carl is distraught because he has completely
forgotten about it.
Carl somehow manages to throw a huge party
to which he invites everyone he knows.
Lucy and Peter are shocked that so many people
are attending their wedding shower.
Carl notices Norman sitting glumly at the
counter and wonders if he's okay now that
the branch has closed.
To cheer him up, Carl invites his Korean friend
he met at the store, and introduces them to
each other.
They become friends and have a good time.
Lucy shows Carl that he has done a good job.
Nevertheless, in the middle of the celebration,
Carl tries to call Allison, but she declines
the call.
Rooney is introduced to Tillie and she asks
him for his help with some shelfs, if you
know what I mean.
When Carl gets home, Stephanie calls him and
asks him to come over.
She tells Carl that she and Ted had a big
fight and he stormed off.
Stephanie asks Carl to stay the night, but
Carl says NO.
When he leaves, he has a run of bad luck.
The elevator he is in suddenly breaks down.
Carl becomes extremely paranoid and gets scared
of a cat that makes him bump into someone
else's car.
His car is towed away and he begins to hallucinate.
Carl hides in Terrence's car.
Terrence panics when Carl unexpectedly shows
up in his car and causes an accident that
lands them both in the hospital.
The reason he wants to meet with Terrence
is to undo the promise they made.
Terrence then reveals that the deal was a
bluff.
The word "yes" should be used to open up to
people and then the decision should be based
on your heart.
Carl asks Rooney what time it is, and when
he hears it's early morning, he storms out
of the room.
On his way, he runs into Lee and asks to borrow
his ride.
Thanks to Carl's earlier approval of the loan,
he now owns a Ducati motorcycle.
Carl rides off while still wearing the patient's
clothes and exposing his booty.
Carl crashes Alison's class, entering like
a badass.
He tells her that he does not want to live
with her, that kind of decision takes time,
he explains that what he did was wrong and
that he misinterpreted Terrence's words all
along.
He tells her that he would not have met her
if he had not said yes to everything.
He praises her on how great she is and they
reconcile with a long, passionate kiss.
The End.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.